feat(docs): Add netcore provider documentation (#3220)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/channels/email/netcore.md

---
sidebar_position: 12
---

# Netcore

You can use the [Netcore](https://netcorecloud.com/) provider to send transactional emails to your customers using the Novu Platform with a single API to create multi-channel experiences.

## Getting Started

To use the Netcore channel, you will need to create a Netcore account and add your API key to the Netcore integration on the Novu platform.

## Generate API Key

To generate a new API key in Netcore, you can follow these steps:

- [Log in](https://email.netcorecloud.com/) to your Netcore account.
- Go to the **Integration** page under **Settings** menu and click on the **API** tab.
- The API Key is hidden for security purpose. Click Show. System will prompt you to enter your account password. Once you enter the password, the API key will be accessible.

## Set up sending domains

> To start sending emails, you need to add and verify your sending domains. You can either use your top-level domain (e.g. mycompany.com) or a sub-domain like email.mycompany.com. The verification is done to ensure your sending domain’s security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start sending emails, you need to add and verify your sending domains. You can either use your top-level domain (e.g. my-company.com) or a sub-domain like email.my-company.com. The verification is done to ensure your sending domain’s security.
```
This is just to avoid CSpell annoyingly correct.
